[Music]
what's your blood type says about your
personality Hey
knowing your blood type can help you
improve your health and even save your
life in extreme situations but did you
know it can also say a lot about you
personally that's right
Japanese researchers have been studying
blood types for decades and have found a
surprising connection between a person's
character traits and blood group are you
ready to get to know yourself on a
deeper level then keep on watching but
before we get into a personality test
like no other don't forget to click
subscribe and ring that little
notification bell so you don't miss any
of the fun videos coming out daily on
the bright side of life now we're all
well aware that blood has different
types but what exactly does that mean in
a nutshell
blood type is based on two things
antibodies and antigens an antibody is a
protein produced by your Bloods plasma
that helps your immune system fight
different things that make you sick like
bacteria and viruses antigens which are
classified as a or B can be different
proteins carbohydrates and all sorts of
complex biological compounds we won't
get into all that but just know that the
presence or absence of these elements is
what gives blood different types let's
start with the most common blood group O
having this type means you have no a or
b antigens on the red cells of your
blood but you do have a and B antibodies
in your plasma the health risks for
people with Oh tight blood include
ulcers and cholera plus they're just
Magnus for mosquitos but what about
their personality
well Japanese experts call those with
this blood type sociable open-minded and
intuitive they're real people people and
can quickly become the heart of pretty
much any conversation they're excellent
communicators and can find common ground
with just about anybody the only
downside is that these folks can come
off as a bit self-centered and a little
too much for those who don't
particularly enjoy socializing but still
people with this blood type are a real
blast to hang out with and will
certainly brighten your day okay now for
those in blood group a biologically
speaking having this type means you have
only a antigens on your red blood cells
and B antibodies in your plasma
according to the National Institutes of
Health this means that you're likely to
have high levels of cortisol the stress
hormone there are certain health risk
for this blood group as well including a
20% higher risk of developing stomach
and other types of cancer and a five
percent increased chance of heart
disease compared to other groups some
studies also found that people with a
type blood are less attractive to
mosquitoes so that's good as for your
personality Japanese professor talkg
Furukawa who published a paper on blood
types and personality back in 1927
associated a type blood with creative
and responsible people intelligent and
persistent these individuals know what
they want and go for it
they aren't prone to sudden or
unreasonable mood swings but are instead
laid-back confident and relaxed if this
is your blood type
then people probably enjoy your presence
because they feel at ease so just keep
on keeping it chill and being a real
go-getter if you have B type blood that
means you have B antigens on your red
blood cells and a antibodies on your
plasma although their groups are sort of
the exact opposite both a and B type
people have a higher risk of developing
heart disease and according to one
Harvard study women with B type blood
have an increased risk of developing
ovarian cancer as well but don't worry
if you have this blood type you have a
massive advantage over the rest of us
people with B type blood have up to
50,000 times more friendly bacteria in
their body
than those with other blood types when
it comes to your character it has pretty
much every color to it
that's why Japanese researchers find
people with this blood type especially
fascinating you're unbelievably creative
fun and passionate you have a true power
and strength within you and your energy
knows no bounds at the same time you can
be a little selfish irresponsible and
unpredictable still people almost always
want to get to know you better because
they can't crack you and put a label on
you right away so we are definitely a
person with strong charisma and a
certain janessa kua factor to your
personality
oh then finally let's talk about a B
blood type people you guys have both a
and B antigens on your red cells but
none of the same antibodies in your
plasma a 2014 study published in
Neurology Journal showed that people
with a B blood type are generally more
prone to having cognitive difficulties
as they grow older especially when it
comes to memory language and attention
span personality wise people with a B
blood are believed to be rational and a
bit controlling
it's not like they're gonna start
barking orders at you or anything they
just don't like to depend on others
they're the makers of their own fate and
they're strong-willed personality
certainly helps them along the way plus
they're really adaptable and know how to
make the best out of any situation still
they can sometimes be quite critical
forgetful and even irresponsible but we
all have our downsides right in any case
you'll surely find a good friend and an
awesome partner in someone in the a B
blood group what's really interesting
about the Japanese blood type
personality research is that they have a
certain word for every group for example
for blood type oh it's rack and shugie
which means optimistic a types are
called kitchenette or well organized
people with b-type blood are called G
kochu which is the Japanese word for
selfish and those with a B blood are
described by the word carry mono which
means eccentric plus there's even sort
of a compatibility horoscope for couples
with different blood types so if you're
in a relationship and you have your eye
on someone in particular figure out
their blood type and give this test ago
a plus a now if you're both a types
you're probably really affectionate and
considerate however you can still annoy
one another simply because you both have
strong personalities open communication
is your salvation so don't forget about
it
A+ Oh an A type with an O on the other
hand is a pair of opposites
since a's are way more sensitive than
Oaks as a result you complement each
other perfectly but sometimes your
differences can cause tension hang in
there and don't let petty fights ruin
your bond a plus B these two can create
an unstable relationship with way too
many conflicts some couples overcome
that and learn to accept one another
while others decide that breaking up is
the best option so everything depends on
you two if you're willing to embrace the
other despite their differences your
relationship will only blossom a plus a
B this match is different for everybody
depending on which side of the a B is
dominant if it's the B side it's very
likely that the relationship will have
some hurdles to overcome and if it's the
a side then your time together can be
bright fun and smooth sailing o + o now
two O's in love are certainly an
interesting couple they're both very
straightforward and honest which can
either bring them together peacefully or
in conflict plus they often bought heads
when it comes to competitions of any
sort still they understand each other
perfectly and can be one of those
adorable couples who just love to hate
each other
Oh Plus be an OB combo is truly a match
made in heaven
O's are very patient which is sometimes
necessary with adventurous and free
loving bees these differences balance
their relationship out perfectly and
create a strong union Oh plus a bee this
is one of those pairings that can go
either way too they may have a hard time
figuring each other out at first but
with time they can become best friends
and loyal partners B plus B if you have
blood type B and are dating another bee
you just might have found your soul mate
bee types connect pretty quickly
especially if their preferences coincide
B plus a B hi as for this couple
their relationship is pretty private and
independent this is one of those
pairings where partner's truly respect
one another and try not to get in each
other's way so if that's your combo
congratulations you're most likely in
one of the healthiest relationships
there can be a B plus a B now finally to
a bees make a power couple that everyone
else looks up to respect love passion
and understanding make up the key
elements of your relationship you
inspire each other to be better people
and act as the other's personal
cheerleader way to go so what do you
think is there a connection between
one's blood type and character and was
your blood type personality description
true for you tell us in the comments
below if you found this video
interesting or helpful then give it a
like and share it with your friends for
more bright side in your life just click
Subscribe and join the family see you
next time
[Music]